Question 1: Given some sample data, write a program to answer the following:

On Shopify, we have exactly 100 sneaker shops, and each of these shops sells only one model of shoe. We want to do some 
analysis of the average order value (AOV). When we look at orders data over a 30 day window, we naively calculate an AOV of $3145.13. 
Given that we know these shops are selling sneakers, a relatively affordable item, something seems wrong with our analysis. 

a.	Think about what could be going wrong with our calculation. Think about a better way to evaluate this data. 
First, we have to check the data. Since the AOV is very high, it means that there might be some values in order_amount and total_items that are increasing substantially the AOV.
I noticed that there are 18 orders for $704000, from the same person, same time, different days, and several more that have extremely high values. 
By sorting from Largest to Smallest Value, I noticed that there are  63 orders that have an extremely high price, greater than 25000$.
Meanwhile, the rest of the orders (4937 in total) have an order amount of less than $1800. This values are clearly outliers. 
The AOV would be significantly less if we delete the outliers.


b.	What metric would you report for this dataset?
I would clean the data by deleting the rows with the outliers and work with the remaining values. 
It's easy to do it manually since there are not too many values; however, for longer arrays, I would create a VBA Subroutine in Excel that will immediately delete
any row that has an outlier value. There are 63 outliers in the database, representing only 1.26% of our data, which is not a relevant amount.

c.	What is its value?
After cleaning the data, we will use the formula:
AOV = SUM(order_amount)/COUNT(number_of_orders)
With the outliers, the AOV was $3145.13. 
Without the outliers, the AOV is $302.58, a fair and more reasonable amount.

Question 2: For this question you’ll need to use SQL. Follow this link to access the data set required for the challenge. 
Please use queries to answer the following questions. Paste your queries along with your final numerical answers below.

a.	How many orders were shipped by Speedy Express in total?

Input: 
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM Orders WHERE ShipperID = 1

Output = 54
Since I know that the ShipperID for Speedy Express is 1, I wrote the code in this way, which is more efficient and fast.

b.	What is the last name of the employee with the most orders?

Input: 
SELECT LastName FROM Employees
  WHERE EmployeeID IN
    (SELECT EmployeeID
     FROM Orders  GROUP BY EmployeeID
     HAVING COUNT (EmployeeID)= ( 
        SELECT MAX(maximum)
        FROM(SELECT COUNT(EmployeeID) maximum FROM Orders
        GROUP BY EmployeeID)));

Output: Peacock
This part was a bit more complicated than Question a, but the logic is simple. It's important to always start the first SELECT with the information we want, and proceed from there.

c.	What product was ordered the most by customers in Germany?

Input:

SELECT ProductName FROM Products
    WHERE ProductID IN
    (SELECT ProductID FROM OrderDetails  
        WHERE Quantity = (SELECT MAX(Quantity) FROM OrderDetails WHERE OrderID IN
        (SELECT OrderID FROM Orders
            WHERE CustomerID IN
            (Select CustomerID FROM Customers
                WHERE Country = 'Germany'))));

Output: Steeleye Stout

I spent a fair amount of time in this problem. Since I had to query information from different tables, I had to see which column names were the same in each table, that way
I was going to be able to connect the information; however, I struggled a bit in the part where I had to choose the maximum quantity, because I was putting that part of 
the code at the very bottom, and I'd get the maximum amount but in general, not only from Germany.
I also got confused when putting the parenthesis, but I managed to fix it.
Still, this was a funny challenge that I was able to complete, demonstrating my data science skills.


